yes
hello welcome to pokemon shuffle
Well, you asked me to show you the
phases that are called extra with these
extra phases have the peculiarity of
that go for time then we have a
limited time to be able to capture
the pokemon then you have to do
many eat very fast and I tell you
I'm really bad but we're going for
Where I'm crazy, I put the
automatic itself we already see this guy
struggles and that psychics and such are going to
go legs
and I tell you that I'm not very good at doing
this kind of phases but good and two
minutes above it seems that we are going with
weather
and I tell you that it's about making many
of blows and you do as well better than
best
if it does not happen to scrub
I've already taken that the truth if it's not going to
do nothing
and I start talking to make the moron
then it's normal
nothing works and we're hoping that
is calling super good if you lose
an excuse
plus
skype the sky that is the curse not
addiction
good good this is already in super plan
good warrior is always good to have a
super warrior out there good the question
As you can see, I have a friend of mine, it was from the event
Well, what do I know if we had it?
or because I would do it because I'm not good at it
to me is these parts of both where
you have to make combos very fast because
a fairly simple reason and that is that
I know another in some degree of color blindness already
sometimes I see pokemon the same then
Of course I have a small problem
and look, all I need is that I'm missing the
pull me for this I would have to invest
coins to catch more seconds
it's nothing patience that one day I'll do more
the rhythm there I do not see anything here
I have broken the combo because I am a
blanket
basically mainly for that
to me
the truth is that it has surprised me
I like it, I like it a lot
well to lie down is a few games and
over is free is that we really
you have to spend a hard time on it and
Milk that is always very good
As you can see, time is ending
the fine in the super badly called and that
catch skype
it's like this you can not work I have a couple
of super always
look has not missed all of that all of that if
you lack good that you can do as me
Now, as you can see, I have three jewels
it's worth investing it does not deserve the
I'm sorry I invited the three jewels
I'm reserving everything for the future that
you can do simply train
you know what to put me for example
they will go well for the psychic type
then train the psychic type
to be more powerful in a way
that when I hit him jce you will make him more
damage is even possible I do not know that
get some mega stone that is from
psychic type so if I return to
it will give you better tuning then it is
an example of a little bit of what
you can do to avoid having to invest
the jewels you already know that jewels is what
what is paid for are the micropayments
it simply has at stake also you
they give them for example every time
you get a mega stone they give you one
jewel then it's worth it that
reserves for the future because if there
someone that you want too much and you are
costing a lot to get ya
I say in this case you have two minutes
between nothing to your own
make them gain experience for
hit harder if you get
some pokemon that damages those of fight with
mega stone then better than better
try to evolve me very fast
to justly hurt him in this is
what to do is as it is very
fast very fast very fast surely
Super is very good at doing it
super maybe he would have caught
directly or at least focused on the
capture phase so nothing think
released a roll that you do not see to say
that you continue training whether they are new or
social networks we see ourselves here in the
Youtube channel is for you and as
always on the 3ds.com expal forums